

from Stevie:

- db migration
- fix gliphy

- do we want a record of institutions instead of repeating for each person?
pros: one space, backed up, integrated
cons: not as flexible as a spreadsheet

- could possibly pull from spreadsheet
pros: already have spreadsheet
cons: fragile, can get out of sync, multiple sources of truth, different backup

from Katherine:

- sometimes the book search doesn't work? do a check on the code


from Debbie:



E - Bigger "Notes" box so it's easier to read
? - Save history of screening dates (currently - deletes everything if you hit the button twice in a row, easy to do by accident)
E - Different color icons for screening and packages in the search display?
E- Ability to show more than the top N search results
E - Something for saving notes about rejections/returns (maybe another text field associated with each
 package that doesn't get printed on the invoice? or ability to save a list of Notes instead of just 
 having one text field that gets overwritten?).
M - For end-of-year packages: December letters are often screened and filled in January and need to be 
manually back-dated so that the package count isn't off. Maybe a button that resets a screening/package 
date to "12/31/<prev_year>"? 
M - Option to add our address to the invoice next to Room's (not sure if we want this to be default at this time)
M - Field(s) for paper mailing address

Bigger dreams:
? - Something else to assist with remembering which facilities have separate addresses for paper mail 
and packages - this changes frequently. like, if all of some state goes to mail scanning, and we 
update that info somewhere, it would be helpful if the database could give a warning and/or suggest 
a paper mailing address for state prisons in that state when we load up someone's record.
[is this based on State always/usually?]

? - Likewise, option to either manually enter package address, or search for address for a facility
 either from a maps API or from a list that we upload.
[create a new institution/facility database?]

- Very big dream, unsure if feasible or even desirable: Some kind of integration with our (live) 
Restrictions spreadsheet to help us browse restrictions for the facility/others in the area.
[merge restrictions spreadsheet into institution/facility database?]